Update Sprig list (#7843)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: install/install_disconnected.adoc

* You must have a workstation that has access to both the Internet and your local mirror registry. 

> * A supported {ocp} version must be deployed in your environment, and you must be logged in with the command line interface (CLI). See the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/installation_overview/index[{ocp-short} installation documentation] for information on installing {ocp}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/cli_tools/openshift-cli-oc#cli-getting-started[Getting started with the CLI] for information about installing and configuring `oc` commands with the Red Hat OpenShift CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must deploy a supported {ocp} version in your environment, and log in with the command line interface (CLI). See the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/installation_overview/index[{ocp-short} installation documentation] for information on installing {ocp}. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/cli_tools/openshift-cli-oc#cli-getting-started[Getting started with the CLI] for information about installing and configuring `oc` commands with the Red Hat OpenShift CLI.
```
